[MUSIC PLAYING]
JEREMY: Simon, you've
got a big pile of books there.
Haskell textbooks,
to be precise.
Would you like to give
us some recommendations?
SIMON: Yeah I've got four
here I was going to recommend.
First is 'Real World Haskell'.
This was long-awaitedd.
Actually it's been out a while.
It's been out nearly 10 years.
I guess they're probably about
to do the second edition.
Came out in 2008.
So it's a brief
introduction, somewhat,
but they inquire a lot about
using Haskell in practice
so I think this is the one
that the developers will often
pick up.
It's for experienced
programmers.
In a similar way, but it
says A Beginner's Guide
is 'Learn You a Haskell'.
An advantage of this is that
it's available free, online.
And because it's more recent,
will talk about, in detail,
about things like
monads, monoids.
I suppose all the books
talk about monads,
but this goes into more
detail about some of the more
mathematical end of things.
Graham Hutton's book--
one of the advantages
is that this is nice and thin.
So you'll get it
in 160 odd pages.
I know Graham's writing
another edition of this.
So by the time-- this should be
out early 2017, I would guess.
So that's about 10 years
after this came out.
But a good basic introduction.
And I'll conclude with mine.
JEREMY: [LAUGHS]
SIMON: Let's have a
shameless plug just for mine.
I wrote the first edition
of this around the late 90s.
JEREMY: What's
your book called?
SIMON: It's called
'Haskell: The Craft
of Functional Programming'.
This edition is from 2011.
I guess I will start thinking
about doing another edition.
It's grown.
It's quite thick.
I might try and
take some material
out of the new edition.
But I think covers things
in quite a lot of depth,
quite a lot of examples that
you can work through in there.
But all of them have a
different take so buy them all.
JEREMY: [LAUGHS] Thanks.
[MUSIC PLAYING]